Andy Beatty from the Justice Select Committee.
Hey, we've got five minutes with you.
You've got a very comprehensive submission, so you
better
do the highlights, but very strong submission. Thank you.
Kia ora. Thank you so much for letting me present, and for your flexibility on
timing this morning. So briefly, I oppose this bill because of its
negative impact on privacy.
In just the few minutes I have, I want to do two things.
First, give a brief overview of my written submission, and then just unpack one
point, which is why the Ministry of Justice's Bill of Rights report on
the bill should be seriously questioned by this committee.
So first, I say the bill fails to protect privacy in three ways.
Now, my concerns are echoed by many other submitters you'll hear later today, so
I'll be very brief.
One, it's not prescribed by law. It's overly discretionary and
does not have meaningful safeguards.
Two, it lacks rationally connected legitimate aims.
So some aims, for example, that it will restore the common law,
are illegitimate. Others, such as enhancing public
trust in the police, are legitimate but are not rationally connected to
the bill, meaning they risk being undermined, not furthered by the
bill. And thirdly, the bill would disproportionately limit
privacy overall.
So secondly, I just want to explain why the Ministry of
Justice's Bill of Rights report on the bill should be seriously questioned.
Now, I say this reluctantly, because the Ministry has, in many other respects, very
usefully engaged to protect rights during this short
policy development process lying behind the bill.
So the Ministry acknowledges in its report that the bill provides a very wide
power for police to collect information.
And they say it's inevitable that its powers will impact the right to be
secure against unreasonable search and seizure protected by Section
21 of the Bill of Rights. Now, I agree with all of that.
But the Ministry nonetheless concludes that the powers in the bill are not
unreasonable because the bill's provisions are permissive and don't
compel police to conduct unreasonable searches.
In support of that, they cite a recent New Zealand Supreme Court judgment,
Chisnell, which says that public actors should tailor the exercise of
powers to comply with rights. So the Ministry implies nothing to
see here because the police have to comply with the Bill of Rights, regardless of
how broad their statutory powers may look on paper.
Now, with respect, the Ministry has mischaracterized the law here, and as a
consequence, their Section 21 analysis is flawed.
Now, this point has been recognized by a few other submitters, but where I want to
add value for you is just to explain how the Ministry should
have assessed the bill under Section 21.
And the answer I suggest, and I say this at the end of my written submission, is
provided by the same case the Ministry cites, Chisnell.
So that suggested that a useful framework for assessing whether
discretionary powers comply with rights has been provided by the
Canadian Supreme Court.
Now, that framework asks whether the statute concerned giving
discretionary powers compels a rights-consistent outcome in all
reasonable hypothetical cases, meaning all potential cases beyond
those that are purely far-fetched.
So here, the police expect frontline officers to
consider using these powers thousands of times a day,
and they acknowledge that this may require complex assessments.
And it was just a few years ago that a significant number of police were found to
lack an understanding of how the Bill of Rights applied to their powers.
So for all those reasons, there will be a range of reasonable
hypothetical cases in which the bill's powers would be applied in
ways that breach privacy, as the bill can't be considered
consistent with Section 21.
Now, in closing, I just want to point out that the Canadian Supreme Court has
also confirmed expressly that broad statutory powers like
these can't be salvaged by relying on the discretion of a public
decision-maker. You need safeguards in the bill itself, which we simply don't have
here. So in conclusion, I say the bill should be reconsidered given its
privacy impact. I invite the committee to closely critique what the Ministry has
said and consider seriously what I've said in my written submission.
Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you very much for that, and beautifully on time.
Right now, I've got a question from Camilla Belich.
Thank you. Thanks very much for your detailed submission and your consideration of
this bill. I just was wondering around the safeguards that you
would suggest that are reconsidered alongside this bill.
What would those safeguards look like, and is there a
way
for the committee to recommend safeguards that would address some of the
concerns that you've raised in your submission?
On that, I would primarily defer to what the Office of the Privacy Commissioner has
said. So they've-- I think a lot of submitters, including myself, say, "Look,
this should just be voted down by the committee." But if you are going to consider
safeguards, I would defer to what they have said.
And I know in some of their policy development, they pointed out that you could
look at the EU Law Enforcement Directive, which has a host of safeguards
you could apply here.
Right. Celia Wade-Brown.
Kia ora,
Tim.
I hear you're in Wales, so
exciting times.
I really wanted to follow on from Camilla's question by saying,
if we don't vote this down, which would be a reasonable thing
to do,
how do we make sure that
discretionary powers are
at least reported better when they're used so that we
can see whether there is evidence of, for example,
systemic racism or other
prejudice?
You could certainly-You could certainly set a
logging requirement like they have under the EU Law Enforcement Directive to say
any use of the power does need to be recorded and have a
reason behind it, and that is just a common element
that's required by EU data protection law.
But again, on this, I invite you to raise the same question to the
Office of the Privacy Commissioner when you hear from them later today, because
they are very expert on this, and their submission I fully endorse.
All right.
Thank you.
Hey, thank you, Mr. Cochrane. Very good.
I hope you were up in the middle of the night, I take it?
Yeah.
Yes.
Anyway, thank you for your contribution. It was very good and very helpful.
Cheers for that.
Thanks so much.
Right. Members, we're now going to Jane
Sherard, I think it is.
Kenny-
So we're moving to the Electoral Amendment Bill now, members.
Yeah.
Yep.
Jane, are you with us?
Oh, there you are.
You've got your noise turned off.
Jane, if you're ready, we're waiting for you. That'd be great.
Jane, are you there? Can you hear us? Oh, there you are. Great.
Yeah.
Kia ora.
Kia ora koutou. Haere maaria.
Yeah. Very good. Hey, we've got five minutes with you, so
hopefully leave a little bit of time for questioning, but the floor is yours.
Kia ora.
Thank you for receiving my submission.
And within the time allotted, I had just wanted
to tease out the thoughts on
whether this particular bill
has considered the impacts through a lens of Te Tiriti o
Waitangi.
I speak around the aspects of our Maori
enrollment growth
indicates a need for increased Maori representation,
whereas there are parts of this particular bill
that
seemingly move in the opposite direction by delaying the
next boundary review from 2029
to 2032.
In my opinion, this shifts the future reviews also
through to a six-year cycle,
and that's despite there's very clear evidence that
enrollment on the Maori roll has reached a really high
exceeding level,
and that's through a lot of
push from
whanau, from organizations to get our young
interested
in the elections and in utilizing their vote.
The practical effect of that particular section
of this bill is that the growth
in Maori enrollment may not be reflected in representation
for that period, for those two
periods that seemingly look to
only impact upon Maori communities,
and it will be the Maori community that bears the burden of
delayed recognition inside the electoral system, and
that's irrespective whether there is a
larger
push to get our Maori young and our
Maori who have come out of any
institutions to fairly, again,
exercise their votes.
In my humble opinion, it effectively entrenches
inequality in our Maori representation, their
ability to vote in a timely manner, and not be restricted
by the system of this particular act.
I further point to the fact that
we've got the census data, the population data, that
seems to be available more so on an ongoing basis,
hence I base that on my kōrero.
But there seems to be a push to
not allow the system's ability to respond in a timely
manner,
and instead, for an administrative purpose,
to delay the next boundary view for the Maori
roll,
yeah, that will have dire consequences for the Maori
to have equal representation.
So I submit that to the committee that
you please closely examine whether the bill is
compatible with the Te Tiriti principles in that respect, and
whether it risks further entrenching inequality in
Maori representation. Kia ora.
Hey, thank you, Jane. Members, who's got a question?
Jane, we haven't got any question, but I can say we've had a number of submissions
on this issue, and it is something we're very cognizant about.
So,
just because we haven't asked the question, it's not because we haven't asked it
before. So,
yours is a reinforcement of that submission.
So thank you very much for joining us this morning.
Kia ora.
And
presenting your paper.
But, just-
Yeah.
I have here, Pat, I just had wanted to
also highlight that this appears to be
on the back foot
of all the other legislative changes which
do have us explaining to our young
people of why they should
bother-Because they can clearly see that
their elders are being subjected to one after the
other, aspects of
legislative change that only affect Maori for some
reason. And that should be most
definitely looked at on the wider picture
from legislation piece to legislation and select committee. Kia ora.
Okay. Hey, thank you, Jane, and thank you for your comments this morning.
Ka kite.
Right. Now, we're going to go to Bronwyn Yates, who I see is actually
on screen and ready to roll. Bronwyn, we've got five minutes with you.
If you've got some time for questions, that would be great.
Thank you.
Tena koutou katoa.
My name is Bronwyn Yates, and I'm here to speak against the Electoral District
Boundaries Amendment Bill. My main concern is that this bill will
weaken Maori representation. It may look like a technical change,
but actually it has very real consequences for how fairly Maori communities are
represented in our electoral system.
Maori populations are growing quickly, especially in urban areas.
If boundary reviews are delayed, Maori electorates are more likely to become
overpopulated. When that happens, representation falls
behind reality and Maori communities are left without fair
recognition in the system.
The census has been really important here because it has given the most accurate
picture of population change, including Maori population growth and
Maori roll choice. That information has previously helped
determine the number and shape of Maori electorates, and without the
connection, again, there remains a concern that Maori seats can fall behind
real demographic changes, and that weakens proportional
representation.
I'm concerned about shifting reviews from every five years to every six years.
That extra year matters. Maori electorates are already large and
diverse, and delaying changes will make it even harder for MPs in those
seats to represent their communities well.
So this is not just an administrative change.
It affects real people and real communities.
I also think this bill has to be understood in the wider context.
Maori participation in the electoral system has been long affected by historical
exclusion, colonization, under-representation,
and low trust in political institutions.
Those issues have not gone away. So any changes that risk
weakening Maori representation even further should be treated very
seriously.
It is also important to remember that this issue sits alongside a wider
problem of non-participation in our democracy.
It is actually very difficult to find clear public reporting on how many eligible
voters are not voting, as opposed to simply how many
enrolled people voted. From my best estimates,
non-voting is not a small issue. In 2023, it may have
included at least 34% of eligible Maori voters and around
22% of other eligible New Zealanders.
Together, potentially around 870,000 people.
While I'm speaking today particularly about the impact of this bill on Maori
representation, three years it will affect all New Zealanders.
Another major concern is process.
This bill appears to have been introduced without meaningful public consultation.
Changes of this significance should not happen without clear evidence, public
engagement, and proper consultation with Maori and all New Zealanders.
That is especially important because the timing of boundary reviews directly
affects the number and size of Maori electorates, which means the bill also
raises Te Tiriti o Waitangi issues.
In closing, I urge the select committee and the government to reject this bill.
At the very least, there needs to be stronger evidence, proper consultation, and
meaningful engagement with Maori and all New Zealanders before changes like this
go any further.
I recommend that data and electorate boundaries remain
closely linked so that electorate boundaries continue to reflect
population change and Maori representation is not allowed
to fall behind demographic reality.
That electoral boundary reviews take place often enough to protect fair and
effective representation, particularly where
population change is rapid and has a direct impact
on the number, size, and balance of Maori electorates.
And then finally, that an independent inquiry or review of the electoral system be
established with a clear focus on the experiences of Maori and other
communities in participating in the electoral process, and with the goal
of building a system that is consistent with Te Tiriti o Waitangi,
inclusive, accessible, and trusted by all New Zealanders.
Kanai akimi ki koutou katoa. Haere ra.
Well, thank you very much. Now I've got a question from Celia Wade-Brown.
Tena koe. Thank you very much for your thoughtful submission.
I had a question about how often you
think that the electorate boundaries, obviously particularly the Maori
electorate boundaries, and the number of Maori electorates
should change. To some extent, we're getting more rapid
information with the annual updates, but you
think that it's not going to be effective
for the Maori electorates. If we're not going to
have a census and we're going to have these updates, what do you
recommend we do?
Thank you. I think the idea of having an inquiry into it
is actually to judge which is most-- Because there are issues of economics
as well, and I think we all appreciate that.
So
I don't
think I've got the data to say what that number is.
I do think, though, that what we have at the moment is that we already have a
situation where the population has gone beyond what the Maori electorate should be,
and so we have that lag. And that lag will continue to happen, especially if we
push it out. So for me, the inquiry starts to
unravel-Or the issues that
will
potentially give faith back to New Zealanders, that we have a system
that is transparent, that is actually separate from government
and the involvement of government and what that system
creates. That's kind of the idea for me about
having an inquiry. I originally suggested a
rural inquiry because I know that is the one thing that is super independent,
and then rethought that in terms of expense and
drama
to saying, look, the concept I think is about an independent
review, about having the consultation with New Zealanders.
The fact that we keep on talking about this in terms of
enrolled
voters as opposed to eligible voters really misses the size of the number
of our voters who are not currently
engaged in the system. And they're not engaged because they just don't trust, and
this is not a new issue. We were working with this issue back in the
1990s. It hasn't gone away.
And we have-
All right. Hey, thank you, Bronwyn, for your time this morning.
Very helpful.
Right, members,
we've got the next
submitter,
Herapera
from
Kahungunu from Hawke's Bay, hopefully.
How are we going, Kelly? Are we lined up on that?
We've got Dr Lara Greaves, the last-
Right
... the other two.
Okay. We'll jump through. Okay. So,
Dr Lara Greaves, are you there available?
I'm here. Thank you.
Okay. There you are. Hey, thank you. Very good morning to see you.
With you, we've got
10 minutes, so hopefully you'll leave a little bit of time for some questions.
Thank you.
Sure. Thank you. Tena koutou. Yes, returning
as part of Te Mana Roronga, the Maori Data Sovereignty Network.
Thank you for hearing our submission.
I feel like it was last week on the data and statistics bill on a very
similar kaupapa. So I'm here today,
I'm someone who wears many poutā, like many Maori researchers do,
representing Te Mana Roronga, the Maori Data Sovereignty Network.
We often bring together 100 Maori in hui and
contain a lot of different experts in a lot of different spaces.
But we have, I think, around 1,300 people on our mailing list at this point.
And so we're a group that's really focused on the advocacy of Maori rights and
interests in data. We've written a lot on the
constitutional and international law underpinnings of that.
But basically, we're a little bit different to Te Kāhui Roronga and the Data Iwi
Leaders Group, which I think you have also heard from, in that we're not the
treaty partner, we're just an advocacy group of experts and
nerds and people who are interested.
So today, I'm just going to speak to this electoral law
change. I was previously part of the Independent Electoral Law Review, and
I'm currently an associate professor at Victoria University and a senior
research fellow in statistics at the University of Auckland.
So a subject matter expert in this area.
A few colleagues prepared this submission with me
who are currently either finishing up PhDs in the area of data and
statistics or data policy,
or who are up to that senior lecturer, senior researcher stage of their careers.
We
went through our processes looking at these Maori data sovereignty principles,
which are well established internationally as well, indigenous data sovereignty,
and thinking about issues of governance, rangatiratanga,
thinking about those issues, but also thinking through technical issues and
how those two parts affect one another.
And so thank you for hearing our submission last week and this one as well.
So basically, we have spoken in this submission
and the other one around the consultation process for this
law change and
for the change away from the enumerated to an administrative
census. We've spoken about concerns around the quality and
robustness of those changes, and as data users
as well,
and also have linked that to many different reviews, independent reviews that
have been conducted. And again, I would bring up the Independent Electoral Law
Review, which had a range of recommendations in this space, and gave
experts the time and space to consider these issues.
We're concerned about data quality of the Maori descent indicator, and the
fact is that even as late as December last year, Stats NZ
was putting out consultation forms saying, "Do you have any ideas for how
to improve the quality of this indicator?" And to us, a indicator of
such importance to Maori as a indicator of hakapaaka
Maori, but of great importance to our constitution and our electoral system,
there should have been a plan in place before these sorts of
changes. Because it's something that is of such great importance that you don't
want to be patching it. You don't want to be having issues.
You don't want to be like the report on the 2013 census from Stats
NZ saying, "Well, there might have been another Maori electorate, but we're not
totally sure that there should have been." You want to be as clear as possible
so things are not undermined. And part of that is we've
spoken to some of the ideas that Te Kāhui Roronga have
around holding a separate Maori descent file and considering how that can
be governed, and be used transparently and robustly, like
in a great kind of process. At the moment, a lot of us have concerns
about the room for error and just the opaqueness of the calculation.
I regularly seePoliticians,
Maori seat politicians, actually say things that are not actually aligned
with what the law and reality is in this space.
And you would think that all of us would have a great level of understanding of
this area, and it just is something that needs more care, more
review, more attention here. So that's one of those things where we would
recommend a fairly immediate independent review with
some
great people who have some great legal experience and governance experience, but
also some people with some great statistical expertise that would be able to really
look into this and come up with a very solid plan
alongside Te Kāhui Rūnanga about how to do this and how to do this
properly.
Ultimately, the
process hasn't been really as clear as it can be, and we just advocate for this
clear, transparent process,
that aligns with what we've seen in the Independent Electoral Review, with what Te
Kāhui Rūnanga have been saying. And this would really help, in
terms of Maori data sovereignty, increased rangatiratanga, whanaungatanga,
that accountability, and really confidence in the system.
So those are our sort of strong recommendations.
There has to ultimately be a way that balances all of these concerns
and things that need to happen in the official statistics system and
things that need to happen with electoral law in a changing population, that
means that the whole population can be confident and Maori can be confident in the
changes. Sheldon, thank you.
Hey, thanks, Lara, and for also submitting on both bills.
I've got a question from Celia Wade-Brown.
Tena koe. Thank you, Lara, for a very thoughtful
submission. With you, a number of people have
called for an inquiry into how we actually do this.
What are your thoughts about the needed timeframe for this,
given we're coming very much into the election period
and things get even more politicized on these
matters? Would you suggest that we put things on hold
till after the election, or
what's your practical thoughts on how we might
do what you suggest?
Well, there are a couple of crunch points, right?
One is going to be around when you would've had another census, that kind
of five-year kind of between census period.
The other one is going to be when we do hit that 2030, 2032 kind
of stage, which seems many years off, and the
electorates will be created based on the administrative data.
So I think that the thing, ideally you would kick something off immediately
right before you make law changes before an election.
But yeah, I think the sooner the better.
And I would say that a lot of this area becomes actually quite
niche statistical constitutional applications, and perhaps is something that
I notice that even the media does not pick up on because it is one of those areas
that I think you do need to have a PhD and many years of experience in the space
in order to have that level of depth of understanding.
So I wouldn't be concerned about the politicization, but about getting it
right and making sure that we come to the 2030s and we've all kind of
got confidence. There'll always be some naysayers, but again, you want the bulk of
people and the bulk of statistical experts that say
that, yeah, this is a generally good direction of travel and that they can
see what's happening and there's that confidence there.
All right, great. We've got a que-
So could I just follow very, very shortly?
Okay.
So
whether we pass this or not, which will
probably depend on the political balance at the moment, we could still open an
inquiry that maybe was led by the Independent
Electoral Review,
and people, and that would still inform
us before new electorates were or weren't made.
Is that right?
I think what you would need, there's honestly multiple elements here
around the census and around Maori data governance.
But from a technical perspective, making sure that all the ducks are in order is
of extreme importance because of the potential harm that getting it wrong
could do in a Maori data sovereignty space, but of course to the whole electoral
system and constitution. So getting the technical ducks in order, and it's
literally people who have had,
I'm thinking Professor Tahuhu Kukutai as an example of the kind of depth of
knowledge and Professor Barry Milne and those sorts of people that have been doing
this for 20, 30 years, that have the depth of knowledge and
understanding of, for Tahuhu's case, communities to be able to get into
that and provide a really good, solid solution.
Okay, now I've got a question from Todd Stevenson.
Oh, thank you. And thank you for your submission on both this bill and
last week, and it's great. You've obviously, you and your colleagues have done a
lot of work. Just wanted to pick up, you obviously mentioned this idea around a
Maori descent file. How difficult would that be to
put in place? And again, just
your thoughts on how much work has been done on that, because
yeah, you can imagine there would also need to be some safeguards around that,
right? And again, we're not on this bill, but we had
an earlier submission where we're obviously talking about privacy concerns, all
kinds of other issues and data. So I just wanted to get your top-line thoughts on
that, because, again, I think we're wanting to
obviously make
sensible suggestions and reforms in this area, but yeah, I was just very interested
in that issue.
Yeah, so there's a number of kind of technical issues that would underlie the
ability to be able to do that. So the IDI not having enough compute power to
be able to run a lot of the models that my colleagues and I want to run is the
first one. So the IDI needs, and the administrative data needs investment
in order to be able to do these different things and for people to not--
Yeah, basically that needs investment, some of the investment to be able to think
about how you would start to split out something like a Maori descent file,
and the related issue as well is how we're even going to collect Maori descent.
As you know, the main indicator of Maori descent is using the census data,
and that the quality of data erodes over time and the relevance.
So over many years, that data set's going to erode.
So how are we going to even collect that?
Those are two sort of issues that need to be put in place first, but there would be
a way to do that, and there would be a way to do that with proper data governance
and yeah, balancing individual privacy rights.
The way that these systems work is that we don't see individuals, that we can't
often figure out who someone is in a data set. There's not a way to do that.
And even if there is, researchers and people, there's
incredible legal safeguards like the declaration of secrecy and stuff
that you need to sign. So there's a way to balance all these things, but they
need-investment of time and effort and technical
expertise to give those really smart innovators that we have
time to sit down and figure out how to do that properly and have
that everyone on board type view of that.
All right. Hey, thank you, Lara. Lovely to hear from you again, and making that
time, and very high quality submission, so really appreciate that.
Thank you. Thanks.
Right. I see, Bayden, you're
available and there. We've got-
Yeah
... we've got 10 minutes with you, so looking forward to hearing what you've got to
say.
Yeah.
Kia ora. Tēnā tātou.
Bayden Barber ngā tokou ingoa. Chair of Ngāti Kahungunu iwi.
And,
yeah, my submission
is clearly to oppose the amendment,
because of its impact on the Māori roll.
We have,
I'm not too sure on the exact numbers, but we have
growing numbers of Māori. If I look at Ngāti Kahungunu, our average
age in our 2023 census is 26.
And so we're growing faster than the
normal population.
And if you project that out, we're going to have more
in the age group to be able to vote, to be eligible to vote 18 plus.
And,
I think this bill, and we see this bill as Ngāti Kahungunu, as a
impediment to
growing the Māori roll, having our people enrolled,
to be able to vote and having additional
Māori seats
within the New Zealand Parliament structure.
So,
having to wait till 2032,
pushing this out, to be able to,
we don't think is fair.
We're already behind the eight ball in terms of Māori that are
enrolled to vote. And every election,
we're underrepresented in terms of the numbers of Māori that are enrolling,
participating in our local democracy,
in terms of
enrolling and voting. So
yeah, I definitely see this as a backwards step
and making it harder for Māori to participate in
this,
at our electoral system.
And, therefore we don't support it.
We oppose the changes that are
being
put forward to--
through this process. So I'll start with that.
And,
what we are about is about Māori thriving.
Ngāti Kahungunu has a 25-year strategy around
Ngāti Kahungunu excelling in everything that it does.
And a big part of that is in our political
representation
for within Ngāti Kahungunu,
but also having an impact on what goes on down there in
Pōneke. And anything that lessens our
ability to impact
what happens on the government side of things,
we will oppose, and so we're opposing these amendments.
All right. Hey, thank you. I've got Celia Wade-Brown.
Tena koe Bayden.
Kia ora.
Good to see you there.
I was interested in whether you think because the Māori
population is growing faster-
Mm
... in the voting area, that the delay till
2032 is discriminatory and
unfair?
100%.
Like I said, the average age of Ngāti Kahungunu is 26, and I think if you
put that across te ao Māori,
we're in that mid-20s. And,
yeah, our people are having kids. Not many other
ethnicities are
doing that, but we're doing it. We're going to have
1.2 million Māori
by the time 200 years of the Treaty,
2040.
So, our strategy goes to 2050. So,
we think long term. We're all about the long
term. We're all about our tamariki and our mokopuna.
And you can already see
the amount of rangatahi that are out there today.
And the biggest uplift in our enrolled population is through our
younger people,
so those 18 and up. And so, I see this bill as totally
discriminatory
against us. That's how I see it. That's how our people see it.
And so,
we
strongly oppose it,
because, I look at the last three years and the
impact that government legislation has had on
our people, the Treaty of Waitangi, our language, our
participation in local government, health and wellbeing.
You know, ị tuka whaiaro kua, kua, kua kore a tērā
kaupapa. And so,
and you're telling me that you want to make it, we want to make it harder
for our people to participate and to
influence who governs in Wellington.
Nah, we strongly oppose that. We strongly oppose it.
Thank you. Ka kite.
Kia ora.
All right.
Hey, thank you for putting your case forward forcefully.
We've heard the
arguments on a number of occasions, you're probably aware, so
something that we're cognizant about.
So, hey, thank you very much for joining us this morning from the Hawke's Bay.
Kia ora.
Ngā mihi.
Right. Members,
so Kelly, have we got anyone else coming back on or was that it?
That's it.
That's it. Okay. Members, we're going to go into private session,
just for a few minutes, and then we're back into Policing Amendment Bill at
11:00. So you might have to cut out